All right, so we again finished another part of our application here, so we're able to add the saving
properties, the saving seeds here.
So click on a button, click on this icon there to save a city.
So now we were able to not only see all the favorites, but also see all the seeds that we have saved
as favorites.
And so when they click on those seeds, they can either delete them or they can.
Also, when click the city row, they can go back to our main activity, or they can go back to a main
screen and see the weather forecast for that city.
All right.
So we also added the visual kind of the clues, such as the toast message, to make sure that when they
save, of course, the seeds saved.
The users can see that toast message to see to say that, OK, indeed, they have saved something daughter
base and also made sure that no seed can be saved twice.
Even though we know that the structure we have for this strategy in our database that we have set up
is that if something is added twice, then it just points to danger, just goes and overrides that item.
But it's always nice to give that visual clue to the user, even though we know in the back end everything
is set up.
So now, if the seed already exists in the database and we don't see the the favorite icon showing there,
which means they can't really see something they already have.
OK, very good.
So we are really getting close to finalizing this entire application, this awesome application.
Hopefully, you're learning a lot.
What do we need to do next to finish everything is we're going to look at these settings screen.
The idea is very simple, which is we're going to change or allow users to change between Celsius,
which is the metric system and Fahrenheit, which is the imperial unit system unit of measurement,
if you will.
So we're going to use a database to do so, although because it's such a small piece of data, we could
have used something less less large per say, less complicated.
But because we have a database already, I just figured let's just use that is just going to make things
much simpler.
And you are already well versed with databases.
So it's just easy.
It's just a matter of adding a new table that will hold these units and go from there.
OK, so we're going to create that structure so users can actually see either in Celsius or in Fahrenheit.
All right, let's go ahead and do that.